Feat/notifications: added pages for notifications (#1770)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/toast-notifications.mdx

import { Example } from '../../layouts';
import { ToastNotificationExample, ToastDiagram } from '../../examples';
import { StatusGoodSmall } from 'grommet-icons/icons/StatusGoodSmall';
import { StatusWarningSmall } from 'grommet-icons/icons/StatusWarningSmall';
import { StatusUnknownSmall } from 'grommet-icons/icons/StatusUnknownSmall';
import { Box } from 'grommet';

<Example
  docs="https://v2.grommet.io"
  code={[
      "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/visualizations/ToastNotificationExample.js",
      "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/visualizations/ToastNotification.js",
  ]}
  figma="https://www.figma.com"
>
  <ToastNotificationExample />
</Example>

## Guidance

Everything that you need to know about toasts and more.

### When should you use a Toast Notification?

Toasts should be considered when displaying these types of information to the user:

- Low attention messages that do not require user action

> - Singlular status updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Singular status updates
```

- Confirmations
- Information that does not need to be followed up

Do not use Toasts if the information contains the following:

- High attention and crtitical information
- Time-sensitive information
- Requires user action or input
- Batch updates

Due to their limited use cases, toasts are advised to be used sparingly or even substituted entirely for a different type of notification. In no way are toasts mandatory elements for a platform’s notification system.

## Anatomy 

<Box pad="small">
  <ToastDiagram />

> </Box>

Reviewer 2: Can we eliminate Box, add pad to ToastDiagram and ...rest in ToastDiagram implementation?

The status indicators used for toasts are strictly for OK, Warning, and Unknown statuses.

<Box direction="row" gap="medium" pad={{bottom: 'medium'}}>
    <StatusGoodSmall color="status-ok" />
    <StatusWarningSmall color="status-warning" />
    <StatusUnknownSmall color="status-unknown" />
</Box>

You can read more guidance about status indicators [here on this page](/components/status-indicator).

### Content (Title + Message)

All toasts have content which is comprised of a title and a message. However, the content only requires a title, not necessarily a message. The title and message should be distinguishable from each other by the weight of the text. The status title and message should be distinguishable by the weight of the text.

1. Amount of Information

Toast notifications should not have too much information inside of them. Additionally, each notification should only revolve around one idea or subject. Because a toast notification is only present on the screen for a short amount of time, a user using assistive technology needs to have an understanding of what information is in the notification. Therefore, the content should be minimal and direct.

> For best practice, keep the amount of information to three lines or under. This three line limit either can be a combination of both the title and the message or a three-lined title. If the information is heavy and long, consider using a different type of notification other than toast. NEVER truncate text within a toast. The main point is to keep the information concise and clear.

Reviewer: Typically, we try to avoid using all caps and just stick with sentence case.

```suggestion
For best practice, keep the amount of information to three lines or under. This three line limit either can be a combination of both the title and the message or a three-lined title. If the information is heavy and long, consider using a different type of notification other than toast. Never truncate text within a toast. The main point is to keep the information concise and clear.
```

2. Interactive Content

Avoid placing interactive elements as this violates WCAG 2.1 guidelines, like links and buttons, inside of a toast. These elements may be difficult to access with a screen reader and other assistive technology, so it is best to avoid complex toasts.

### Close Button

The close button within a toast should be the only interactable element and is used to dismiss the notification. To clarify, the toast itself is not dismissable on click rather only when the close button is specifically activated. This is to avoid any confusion the user may have on what the interactable elements are within a toast.

## Placement 

Make sure to follow these guidelines for Toast Notifications:
- Place them either top-center or top-right of the screen. If badging is being used, toasts should be placed underneath it. Note that top-right placements may negatively affect those using screen magnifiers.
- Fade in on arrival and fade out when dismissed.

> - Do not obscure critical information and any primary action elements.

Reviewer: Agreed with this point. However, often times, page level actions live at the top right of our layouts. Will this conflict? Or, where should toasts go and how do we know what kind of layout a user is going to be on when a toast appears?

- Low attention messages that do not require user action
- Singular status updates
- Confirmations
- Information that does not need to be followed up

Do not use Toasts if the information contains the following:

- High attention and crtitical information
- Time-sensitive information
- Requires user action or input
- Batch updates

Due to their limited use cases, toasts are advised to be used sparingly or even substituted entirely for a different type of notification. In no way are toasts mandatory elements for a platform’s notification system.

## Anatomy 

<ToastDiagram />

Toasts are compromised of three main elements:

1. Status Indicator
2. Content (Title + Message)
3. Close button

Aside from this, all toasts have a fixed width size at Medium (384px) while the height changes based off the amount of content. 

### Status Indicator

Avoid using toasts for very critical information or alerts. Users may accidentally dismiss or entirely miss a toast, so it is best to avoid this case for important information. Additionally, avoid using toasts, critical or not, if it requires a user action. 

The status indicators used for toasts are strictly for OK, Warning, and Unknown statuses.

> <Box direction="row" gap="medium" pad={{bottom: 'medium'}}>

Reviewer: Can we do similar thing here to what you did on the other page with the labels on the icons?

    <StatusGoodSmall color="status-ok" />
    <StatusWarningSmall color="status-warning" />
    <StatusUnknownSmall color="status-unknown" />
</Box>

> You can read more guidance about status indicators [here on this page](/components/status-indicator).

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase so that link title is more informative
```suggestion
You can read more guidance about [status indicators](/components/status-indicator).
```

### Content (Title + Message)

All toasts have content which is comprised of a title and a message. However, the content only requires a title, not necessarily a message. The title and message should be distinguishable from each other by the weight of the text. The status title and message should be distinguishable by the weight of the text.

> 1. Amount of Information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1. Amount of Information**
```

Toast notifications should not have too much information inside of them. Additionally, each notification should only revolve around one idea or subject. Because a toast notification is only present on the screen for a short amount of time, a user using assistive technology needs to have an understanding of what information is in the notification. Therefore, the content should be minimal and direct.

For best practice, keep the amount of information to three lines or under. This three line limit either can be a combination of both the title and the message or a three-lined title. If the information is heavy and long, consider using a different type of notification other than toast. Never truncate text within a toast. The main point is to keep the information concise and clear.

> 2. Interactive Content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2. Interactive Content**
```

> Avoid placing interactive elements as this violates WCAG 2.1 guidelines, like links and buttons, inside of a toast. These elements may be difficult to access with a screen reader and other assistive technology, so it is best to avoid complex toasts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remain compliant with WCAG 2.1 guidelines, avoid placing interactive elements, like links and buttons, inside of a toast. These elements may be difficult to access with a screen reader and other assistive technology, so it is best to avoid complex toasts.
```
